Something is coming, something hungry.
What is in the going deep shit?
I have to go later.
See you tomorrow. Night, ladies, history on
that for me.
Well, first, well, is missing, I don't know
where he is.
Ninety nine out of 100 times kid goes
missing.
The kid is with a parent or relative.
What about the other time?
But you said 99 out of 100.
What about the other time? The one.
The one. Guys, I really think we should turn
back.
You're sure that.
That's not Will. You're in trouble, aren't
you?
We've sealed off this area is where it came
from.
Yes, and the girl.
She can't have gone far.
Five, three. You really think it was a
coincidence that we found the same place
Where will disappear? Something is going on
here.
Is there any way that you could reach him?
Yes. What if this whole time I've been
looking for Will?
She sniffed something else.